yeah
every day in the woods
just a constant challenge
urgency after urgency project
after project got a daughter
the river otter this is one of
my most valuable Pelt brings a
top price and not many people do
but I try to eat a few order now
and then
it's incredibly intense dance
meat but I'm a pretty intense
dense would have been tho at an
age when most people retired
frontiersman Colbert carved a
life for himself out in the wild
swamps of Georgia all by hunting
and trapping he sells the pelts
to pay for his living expenses
about two thousand dollars a
year when you really enjoy what
you're doing
it's not really work I don't
wear a watch and I don't do time
I'd rather spend an hour in the
woods lost 10 minutes in a
traffic jam
driving by the nose grab him by
the tail
all right the part that ideally
comes into different sections
the body in the head
one thing that I like to make
one daughter once the meats
falling off the bone and very
tender is make auto chili and if
you've never had our chili which
probably haven't you come visit
me sometime Kolbert walked into
this swamp 21 years ago
leading a financial career in
suburbia behind don't have
electricity no electricity no
refrigerator
I want to win the modern have a
lot of money I still wouldn't
buy electricity to me it's just
impractical
he spent 14 years building a
two-story cabin by hand but last
year
tragedy struck and it burned to
the ground
I'll overwhelm
since the fire Kolbert is
topping out life in this
open-air fishing deck but winner
tense dropping as low as 23
degrees have turned Kohlberg's
attention to a permanent
solution since you've been here
last I've been really really
busy with lots of projects when
I rebuild my life and rebuild my
cabin and a lot of material all
of this super heavy wood is a
result of weeks and weeks and
months of harvesting material
this giant chunk of a large
utility pole
I've had my eye on that for
about 12 years every time up
sent from my porch and I see
that log off so yeah I mean that
log go back a long way
we're still friends basically
just this one for will be a two
bedroom mansion with a
wraparound porch
I still need to gather material
and bring into location
we've had some big rains the
last few days the river is
coming up so I've got a window
of opportunity where I can go
out and harvest or bring the
terrible and it's a dance is a
balance between the water levels
finding material and building my
house and all the other things
in my life
yeah